It's just one of those days, where you don't want to wake up. Everything is fucked, everybody sucks. You don't really know why, but you want to justify rippin' someone's head off. No human contact, and if you interact your life is on contract. Your best bet is to stay away motherfucker, it's just one of those days. It's all about the he-says, she-says bullshit. I think you better quit, let the shit slip, or you'll be leaving with a fat lip. It's all about the he-says, she-says bullshit. I think you better quit, talking that shit. Its just one of those days. Feeling like a freight train, first one to complain leaves with a bloodstain. Damn right I'm a maniac, you better watch your back cause I'm fucking up your program. And then your stuck up, you just lucked up, next in line to get fucked up. Your best bet is to stay away motherfucker, it's just one of those days. It's all about the he-says, she-says bullshit. I think you better quit, let the shit slip, or you'll be leaving with a fat lip. It's all about the he-says, she-says bullshit. I think you better quit, talking that shit punk, so come and get it. I feel like shit. My suggestion, is to keep your distance, cause right now I'm dangerous. We've all felt like shit and been treated like shit, all those motherfuckers that want to step up. I hope you know, I pack a chainsaw. I'll skin your ass raw, and if my day keeps going this way, I just might break something tonight. I pack a chainsaw. I'll skin your ass raw, and if my day keeps going this way, I just might break something tonight. I pack a chainsaw. I'll skin your ass raw, and if my day keeps going this way, I just might break your fucking face tonight. Give me something to break! Just give me something to break! How bout yer fucking face? I hope you know, I pack a chainsaw. What! A chainsaw. What! A motherfucking chainsaw. What! So come and get it. It's all about the he-says, she-says bullshit. I think you better quit, let the shit slip, pr you'll be leaving with a fat lip. It's all about the he-says, she-says bullshit. I think you better quit, talking that shit punk, so come and get it.
